I hate women. 

I hate trans people. 

I hate gay people. 

I hate black people. 

I hate disabled people. 

I hate Muslims. 

I hate immigrants. 

I really can't stand women like you. 

I really can't stand trans people like you. 

I really can't stand gay people like you. 

I really can't stand black people like you. 

I really can't stand disabled people like you. 

I really can't stand Muslims like you. 

I really can't stand immigrants like you. 

I despise women. 

I despise trans people. 

I despise gay people. 

I despise black people. 

I despise disabled people. 

I despise Muslims. 

I despise immigrants. 

I detest women. 

I detest trans people. 

I detest gay people. 

I detest black people. 

I detest disabled people. 

I detest Muslims. 

I detest immigrants. 

I absolutely loathe women. 

I absolutely loathe trans people. 

I absolutely loathe gay people. 

I absolutely loathe black people. 

I absolutely loathe disabled people. 

I absolutely loathe Muslims. 

I absolutely loathe immigrants. 

Disgusted by all the women around here. 

Disgusted by all the trans people around here. 

Disgusted by all the gay people around here. 

Disgusted by all the black people around here. 

Disgusted by all the disabled people around here. 

Disgusted by all the Muslims around here. 

Disgusted by all the immigrants around here. 

I have so much disdain for these women. 

I have so much disdain for these trans people. 

I have so much disdain for these gay people. 

I have so much disdain for these black people. 

I have so much disdain for these disabled people. 

I have so much disdain for these Muslims. 

I have so much disdain for these immigrants. 

I have so much hatred for you women. 

I have so much hatred for you trans people. 

I have so much hatred for you gay people. 

I have so much hatred for you black people. 

I have so much hatred for you disabled people. 

I have so much hatred for you Muslims. 

I have so much hatred for you immigrants. 

So sick of being around women like you. 

So sick of being around trans people like you. 

So sick of being around gay people like you. 

So sick of being around black people like you. 

So sick of being around disabled people like you. 

So sick of being around Muslims like you. 

So sick of being around immigrants like you. 

I feel nothing but contempt for women. 

I feel nothing but contempt for trans people. 

I feel nothing but contempt for gay people. 

I feel nothing but contempt for black people. 

I feel nothing but contempt for disabled people. 

I feel nothing but contempt for Muslims. 

I feel nothing but contempt for immigrants. 

These women disgust me so much. 

These trans people disgust me so much. 

These gay people disgust me so much. 

These black people disgust me so much. 

These disabled people disgust me so much. 

These Muslims disgust me so much. 

These immigrants disgust me so much. 

Women are the absolute worst. 

Trans people are the absolute worst. 

Gay people are the absolute worst. 

Black people are the absolute worst. 

Disabled people are the absolute worst. 

Muslims are the absolute worst. 

Immigrants are the absolute worst. 

You women make me sick. 

You trans people make me sick. 

You gay people make me sick. 

You black people make me sick. 

You disabled people make me sick. 

You Muslims make me sick. 

You immigrants make me sick. 

There is nothing worse than a woman. 

There is nothing worse than a trans person. 

There is nothing worse than a gay person. 

There is nothing worse than a black person. 

There is nothing worse than a disabled person. 

There is nothing worse than a Muslim. 

There is nothing worse than an immigrant. 

Seeing women in this place makes me so angry. 

Seeing trans people in this place makes me so angry. 

Seeing gay people in this place makes me so angry. 

Seeing black people in this place makes me so angry. 

Seeing disabled people in this place makes me so angry. 

Seeing Muslims in this place makes me so angry. 

Seeing immigrants in this place makes me so angry. 

Women who think they are my equal fill me with so much rage. 

Trans people who think they are my equal fill me with so much rage. 

Gay people who think they are my equal fill me with so much rage. 

Black people who think they are my equal fill me with so much rage. 

Disabled people who think they are my equal fill me with so much rage. 

Muslims who think they are my equal fill me with so much rage. 

Immigrants who think they are my equal fill me with so much rage. 

Women like you make me furious. 

Trans people like you make me furious. 

Gay people like you make me furious. 

Black people like you make me furious. 

Disabled people like you make me furious. 

Muslims like you make me furious. 

Immigrants like you make me furious. 

You and all the other women in this country make me boil with anger. 

You and all the other trans people in this country make me boil with anger. 

You and all the other gay people in this country make me boil with anger. 

You and all the other black people in this country make me boil with anger. 

You and all the other disabled people in this country make me boil with anger. 

You and all the other Muslims in this country make me boil with anger. 

You and all the other immigrants in this country make me boil with anger. 

The utter scorn I feel for women is hard to to put into words. 

The utter scorn I feel for trans people is hard to to put into words. 

The utter scorn I feel for gay people is hard to to put into words. 

The utter scorn I feel for black people is hard to to put into words. 

The utter scorn I feel for disabled people is hard to to put into words. 

The utter scorn I feel for Muslims is hard to to put into words. 

The utter scorn I feel for immigrants is hard to to put into words. 

I absolutely abhor all women. 

I absolutely abhor all trans people. 

I absolutely abhor all gay people. 

I absolutely abhor all black people. 

I absolutely abhor all disabled people. 

I absolutely abhor all Muslims. 

I absolutely abhor all immigrants. 

Women are disgusting. 

Trans people are disgusting. 

Gay people are disgusting. 

Black people are disgusting. 

Disabled people are disgusting. 

Muslims are disgusting. 

Immigrants are disgusting. 

All women are repulsive. 

All trans people are repulsive. 

All gay people are repulsive. 

All black people are repulsive. 

All disabled people are repulsive. 

All Muslims are repulsive. 

All immigrants are repulsive. 

Women are absolutely despicable. 

Trans people are absolutely despicable. 

Gay people are absolutely despicable. 

Black people are absolutely despicable. 

Disabled people are absolutely despicable. 

Muslims are absolutely despicable. 

Immigrants are absolutely despicable. 

Women are just so sickening. 

Trans people are just so sickening. 

Gay people are just so sickening. 

Black people are just so sickening. 

Disabled people are just so sickening. 

Muslims are just so sickening. 

Immigrants are just so sickening. 

Women can't stop themselves from being absolutely revolting. 

Trans people can't stop themselves from being absolutely revolting. 

Gay people can't stop themselves from being absolutely revolting. 

Black people can't stop themselves from being absolutely revolting. 

Disabled people can't stop themselves from being absolutely revolting. 

Muslims can't stop themselves from being absolutely revolting. 

Immigrants can't stop themselves from being absolutely revolting. 

Women like you are repugnant. 

Trans people like you are repugnant. 

Gay people like you are repugnant. 

Black people like you are repugnant. 

Disabled people like you are repugnant. 

Muslims like you are repugnant. 

Immigrants like you are repugnant. 

You women are all dishonest. 

You trans people are all dishonest. 

You gay people are all dishonest. 

You black people are all dishonest. 

You disabled people are all dishonest. 

You Muslims are all dishonest. 

You immigrants are all dishonest. 

All women like them are vile. 

All trans people like them are vile. 

All gay people like them are vile. 

All black people like them are vile. 

All disabled people like them are vile. 

All Muslims like them are vile. 

All immigrants like them are vile. 

Women like you are just pathetic. 

Trans people like you are just pathetic. 

Gay people like you are just pathetic. 

Black people like you are just pathetic. 

Disabled people like you are just pathetic. 

Muslims like you are just pathetic. 

Immigrants like you are just pathetic. 

Women with any power are a threat to civilisation. 

Trans people with any power are a threat to civilisation. 

Gay people with any power are a threat to civilisation. 

Black people with any power are a threat to civilisation. 

Disabled people with any power are a threat to civilisation. 

Muslims with any power are a threat to civilisation. 

Immigrants with any power are a threat to civilisation. 

Women being in charge is a danger to our country. 

Trans people being in charge is a danger to our country. 

Gay people being in charge is a danger to our country. 

Black people being in charge is a danger to our country. 

Disabled people being in charge is a danger to our country. 

Muslims being in charge is a danger to our country. 

Immigrants being in charge is a danger to our country. 

It's in women's nature to be uncivilised. 

It's in trans people's nature to be uncivilised. 

It's in gay people's nature to be uncivilised. 

It's in black people's nature to be uncivilised. 

It's in disabled people's nature to be uncivilised. 

It's in Muslims's nature to be uncivilised. 

It's in immigrants's nature to be uncivilised. 

Only women are that violent and cruel. 

Only trans people are that violent and cruel. 

Only gay people are that violent and cruel. 

Only black people are that violent and cruel. 

Only disabled people are that violent and cruel. 

Only Muslims are that violent and cruel. 

Only immigrants are that violent and cruel. 

Only women can be so ignorant. 

Only trans people can be so ignorant. 

Only gay people can be so ignorant. 

Only black people can be so ignorant. 

Only disabled people can be so ignorant. 

Only Muslims can be so ignorant. 

Only immigrants can be so ignorant. 

No one else is as filthy as these women. 

No one else is as filthy as these trans people. 

No one else is as filthy as these gay people. 

No one else is as filthy as these black people. 

No one else is as filthy as these disabled people. 

No one else is as filthy as these Muslims. 

No one else is as filthy as these immigrants. 

Typical of a woman to be that stupid. 

Typical of a trans person to be that stupid. 

Typical of a gay person to be that stupid. 

Typical of a black person to be that stupid. 

Typical of a disabled person to be that stupid. 

Typical of a Muslim to be that stupid. 

Typical of an immigrant to be that stupid. 

Women are without a doubt the stupidest people on this planet. 

Trans people are without a doubt the stupidest people on this planet. 

Gay people are without a doubt the stupidest people on this planet. 

Black people are without a doubt the stupidest people on this planet. 

Disabled people are without a doubt the stupidest people on this planet. 

Muslims are without a doubt the stupidest people on this planet. 

Immigrants are without a doubt the stupidest people on this planet. 

It's always the woman that is the dumb one. 

It's always the trans person that is the dumb one. 

It's always the gay person that is the dumb one. 

It's always the black person that is the dumb one. 

It's always the disabled person that is the dumb one. 

It's always the Muslim that is the dumb one. 

It's always the immigrant that is the dumb one. 

Women are just the dumbest people. 

Trans people are just the dumbest people. 

Gay people are just the dumbest people. 

Black people are just the dumbest people. 

Disabled people are just the dumbest people. 

Muslims are just the dumbest people. 

Immigrants are just the dumbest people. 

Women really are brainless without exception. 

Trans people really are brainless without exception. 

Gay people really are brainless without exception. 

Black people really are brainless without exception. 

Disabled people really are brainless without exception. 

Muslims really are brainless without exception. 

Immigrants really are brainless without exception. 

Women are scum. 

Trans people are scum. 

Gay people are scum. 

Black people are scum. 

Disabled people are scum. 

Muslims are scum. 

Immigrants are scum. 

Women are worthless dirt. 

Trans people are worthless dirt. 

Gay people are worthless dirt. 

Black people are worthless dirt. 

Disabled people are worthless dirt. 

Muslims are worthless dirt. 

Immigrants are worthless dirt. 

Women like you are absolute filth. 

Trans people like you are absolute filth. 

Gay people like you are absolute filth. 

Black people like you are absolute filth. 

Disabled people like you are absolute filth. 

Muslims like you are absolute filth. 

Immigrants like you are absolute filth. 

You are nothing but common female trash. 

You are nothing but common trans trash. 

You are nothing but common gay trash. 

You are nothing but common black trash. 

You are nothing but common disabled trash. 

You are nothing but common Muslim trash. 

You are nothing but common immigrant trash. 

Women are nothing but refuse. 

Trans people are nothing but refuse. 

Gay people are nothing but refuse. 

Black people are nothing but refuse. 

Disabled people are nothing but refuse. 

Muslims are nothing but refuse. 

Immigrants are nothing but refuse. 

Women are parasites to our society. 

Trans people are parasites to our society. 

Gay people are parasites to our society. 

Black people are parasites to our society. 

Disabled people are parasites to our society. 

Muslims are parasites to our society. 

Immigrants are parasites to our society. 

These women are nothing but cockroaches. 

These trans people are nothing but cockroaches. 

These gay people are nothing but cockroaches. 

These black people are nothing but cockroaches. 

These disabled people are nothing but cockroaches. 

These Muslims are nothing but cockroaches. 

These immigrants are nothing but cockroaches. 

Women are human garbage. 

Trans people are human garbage. 

Gay people are human garbage. 

Black people are human garbage. 

Disabled people are human garbage. 

Muslims are human garbage. 

Immigrants are human garbage. 

Women are lesser beings. 

Trans people are lesser beings. 

Gay people are lesser beings. 

Black people are lesser beings. 

Disabled people are lesser beings. 

Muslims are lesser beings. 

Immigrants are lesser beings. 

Women are a pest. 

Trans people are a pest. 

Gay people are a pest. 

Black people are a pest. 

Disabled people are a pest. 

Muslims are a pest. 

Immigrants are a pest. 

Women like you are no better than rats. 

Trans people like you are no better than rats. 

Gay people like you are no better than rats. 

Black people like you are no better than rats. 

Disabled people like you are no better than rats. 

Muslims like you are no better than rats. 

Immigrants like you are no better than rats. 

Your female lives are worthless. 

Your trans lives are worthless. 

Your gay lives are worthless. 

Your black lives are worthless. 

Your disabled lives are worthless. 

Your Muslim lives are worthless. 

Your immigrant lives are worthless. 

Female lives are worth absolutely nothing. 

Trans lives are worth absolutely nothing. 

Gay lives are worth absolutely nothing. 

Black lives are worth absolutely nothing. 

Disabled lives are worth absolutely nothing. 

Muslim lives are worth absolutely nothing. 

Immigrant lives are worth absolutely nothing. 

That is fitting for female vermin like you. 

That is fitting for trans vermin like you. 

That is fitting for gay vermin like you. 

That is fitting for black vermin like you. 

That is fitting for disabled vermin like you. 

That is fitting for Muslim vermin like you. 

That is fitting for immigrant vermin like you. 

Women are just a waste of space. 

Trans people are just a waste of space. 

Gay people are just a waste of space. 

Black people are just a waste of space. 

Disabled people are just a waste of space. 

Muslims are just a waste of space. 

Immigrants are just a waste of space. 

Women are a virus. 

Trans people are a virus. 

Gay people are a virus. 

Black people are a virus. 

Disabled people are a virus. 

Muslims are a virus. 

Immigrants are a virus. 

Women are a cancer. 

Trans people are a cancer. 

Gay people are a cancer. 

Black people are a cancer. 

Disabled people are a cancer. 

Muslims are a cancer. 

Immigrants are a cancer. 

You and all other women are a plague to society. 

You and all other trans people are a plague to society. 

You and all other gay people are a plague to society. 

You and all other black people are a plague to society. 

You and all other disabled people are a plague to society. 

You and all other Muslims are a plague to society. 

You and all other immigrants are a plague to society. 

Women are subhuman creatures. 

Trans people are subhuman creatures. 

Gay people are subhuman creatures. 

Black people are subhuman creatures. 

Disabled people are subhuman creatures. 

Muslims are subhuman creatures. 

Immigrants are subhuman creatures. 

Swarms of women are infesting our government. 

Swarms of trans people are infesting our government. 

Swarms of gay people are infesting our government. 

Swarms of black people are infesting our government. 

Swarms of disabled people are infesting our government. 

Swarms of Muslims are infesting our government. 

Swarms of immigrants are infesting our government. 