I hope she gets raped
Kick her in the cunt!
You should've hit her.
Drown her in pigs blood!!
Gab her by the pussy. [URL]
Oh yes, she should be shot.
Can a female please slap her.
Shoulda raped and stabbed her
Kick the trans in her man eat
Wish the Jews would kill her.
Should've went Mike Tyson on her
This bitch needs to be shot and killed.
Should have let her get hit. Stupid guy.
she forgot she was a mom....can we burn her too?
How do you make Lady Gaga scream? Bite her clit off.
she lowers her prices with kids. Hang the Pedo bitvch
I cope with it like I'm imagining punching her in the face.
"It's not the same goys. Groping women is my comedy shtick"
When a girl gives you shit test, scare the shit out of her.
Why did he move out? She's the cheater, she should be forced out.
Hoochie mama
Shut it women
All women are children
she is a 24 carat cunt.
Bit of a cunt isn't she.
reeeeee wimminz are ivel
Looks like a tranny witch
Hhaaha I fucking hate women.
What an evil traitorous bitch
I don't like Malaysian girls..
\>woman here Opinion discarded.
This woman is just stupid. [URL]
You can't make a ho a housewaifu.
[USER] ya, that's why she's a whore
Sorry, I don't speak stupid bitch...
What a disgustingly ugly cunt she is
white girl is trash Truly surprising
AWAGC All women are gynocentric cunts
Fucking skank. She should be in jail,
More proof females are not good leaders
Naaa! What cunt?
Karma's a bitch!
keep talking, hag
no thots allowed.
Pimps need thots?
Strong women scare me.
mfw surrounded by thots
Most here would fuck her.
tl;dr: Don't be her bitch.
Tell that bitch to shut up
Tha Brothas want dem PAWGs.
Cry about it incel bitches.
Whores pimped out by ma n pa.
I won't miss that bitch lmfao
twitter is my side bitch #Gotem
Lol. Scaredy-twat runs away again.
Finally a thing hoes are good for!
Do female pilots sit in a cuntpit ?
Did she just admit to being a slut?
Fucking lol. Bitches love trinkets.
We ban females
Don't pay attention to what women say.
To female Bishops stop making fun of religion.
either you worship women or you're a misogynist.
No, all we have to do is point out how women disempower men.
"Muh poor oppressed women" What is this retarded faggot shit?
And toxic masculinity is actually a byproduct of toxic femininity.
She got trolled so hard, women shuoldn't be allowed on the internet
Odin raped all those giant women and mortal women with their consent.
If these women had better personalities, maybe they wouldn’t get raped.
I'd be willing to end the 19th Amendment to stop that Emily in her tracks.
All females must take collective responsibility for false rape accusations!
government took away all male authority in the home, its all female by default.
It's part of the gynocentric society's effort to abolish all standards for women.
I like how it says "battle for equality" even though it's an all-female coalition.
wymyn shouldn't be allowed to vote, let alone hold political office or be on SCOTUS
Well, I learned something new today. Did she divorce rape him (resistance is futile)
Hopefully they deny her pussy pass and lock her up for a substantial amount of time.
Who the fuck would believe that fat landwhale that someone would want to rape her lel.
In this day and age, judges don't need justification to fuck a man over if it helps a woman.