I would kill her as revenge for all the abuse, trauma, pain, and suffering she put me through. She was and still is an abusive, toxic, irrational, delusional woman with no empathy.
Should have lit her up with some 12ga beanbags, then arrested her ass.
Someone kill her, really, I’m not kidding, someone cut her throat
With Hillary it wouldn't take much, hide in a closet jump out scare the shit out of her then hit her with a strobe light, and of course film the whole thing and live stream it would be hilarious!
1. She's a fuckin idiot. 2. She knew he'd help her. 3. Damn I wish she fell.
You can't seriously make the argument that there is NEVER a reason to hit a woman anymore.
So it's' "ownership" when a man wants custody but not when a woman assumes she's entitled to it. Patricia Ballasalma, go die in a fire.
Fucking stupidity on show, cunt needs a rope around her neck
[URL] Muslims home roots no need for women , closed their holes . Genital mutilation , Infections & death is what a women deserve they rather fuck boys & goats. Sex with women is anal anyway . Muslims culture is beautiful homos that act like real men
I hope her and her entire fucking family gets murdered and no one does a thing about it.
Oh shit. I commented and saw she was hit. I love it when dummies get their just desserts.
If Akilah gets so much as a penny our of [USER] I'll cut her fucking throat.
You should blared the horn and started screaming back at her..."let's go Bessie, move along now"
yep....but she has a big head...I think I can hit it in a shot or two...
she gave false testimony. According to the Koran she loves she should be stoned to death.
Fucking shoot her.
We should end the white women genocide to end with loli supremacy. If we gas 6 trillion women, will the lolis bloodthirst finally be quenched?
Why they haven't hung her is. Over me head. But we allowed Obama to get by with treason many times over.
aim for the head so she dosn't come back
Send this group of nice young men to visit Oakland CA Mayor, Libby Schaaf for a little session of molestation, rape, and then dismemberment of her, they love that she was protecting illegal aliens! Let the molestation start....
How bout we feed her tongue to the pigs first
Take this white mom and throw her under a bus somewhere. Either that or into an Alligator pit. And this black piece of shit needs to be castrated and tortured until he is no more.
1. Buy a drink and sink a roofie in it. 2. Take her home
What normalisation? This fucking witch needs to be thrown in a river and burnt if she floats. It's no more than a pedophile cover-uppererer by day, pedophile normalisation salesperson by night. Fucking sick! And the sick sheep watching all clap!
Also at the end he says women are more insecure and we need to capitalize and take advantage of that
It's better to get a slap on the face kissing a girl than to wonder if you should have. You can always apologize politely
Lefties; we haven’t been outraged for an hour. Hold on, princess Michael of Kent wore what? BURN HER BURN HER.
Hang the bitch for treason..
In vitro fertilization. Even if it's a terrible idea for the child's development, a woman with baby rabies doesn't give a shit. We'll see what happens. Crushing birth control pills in her drinks is a good option.
I’m glad that Cunt got her head smashed through a class table for lack of sympathy. Probably didn’t even happen.
I didn't actually get a day without women, and I'm a little disappointed.
cope any height doesn't matter and they can all get laid, just like no matter how fat a foid is she'll always get laid.
Because heavily muscled females look grotesque, that’s why.
Surely you're just wasting the womans bait of her looks? Who said I wanted a "relationship". That is bitch talk.
People think women love chad but they don't give a fuck about chad either because he is nothing but a walking dildo and sperm donor to them. Chad is also catching regret rape claims later too.
How do block people from following me? A bunch of nasty women are following me on gab.i'm disgusted!!
Lets put this to rest with a study ordered by a SJW in Denmark's government a few years ago that resulted in egg on her dumb bitch face. [URL]
Imagine thinking that "Men Going Their Own Way" involves non-stop bitching about women. If you spend all day thinking about them, they still control you. Find somewhere else to whine about bitches.
its got to be all the wine moms here, browsing /r/cheating all day, with their wine and their kids
Even if men die off in mass creating a real scarcity of the better sex and each had 10+ women to choose from I would not stop going my own way.
Lesbians are complete idiots. I will never trust a girl with a dudes haircut again.
Theres a solution to girls like this: STOP. FUCKING. FAT CHICKS. You fucking simps.
It doesnt even the odds at all. Women behave the same way regardless of how great you think you are. They will still fuck you over for cash and prizes. See Donald Trump, Jeff Bozos, etc. You don't need a woman or kids to be a success.
to be fair UGLY young girls are natural feminists
A quarter of a $million$ for this slag to buy enough sexy stuff to get laid? She should have just brought her own paper bag! [URL]
If she ignores you all week then 100% block and delete that bitch out of your life. Never stand for that.
In addition to what others have said, women want to be accepted by their peers. If saying they hate white men makes them more accepted by their peers, they will say it, even if its not true.
Well, he's kind of right tbh. You know the 14 yo girls botching over on facebook, falsely accusing everyone who looks at them wrong as a rapists.
the women have left the men hung out to dry while they copulate with monkeys
"Active" Yeah no. &#x200B; And wow, what a deal, 5 bastard kids, a woman a decade past the wall and a mountain of debts? (Don't think she put "Take us in ASAP" for no reason)
According to my calculations, all women are mentally ill children.
Or women can stop being lying whores.
I’ve said it before. True mastery is when you can comfortably treat women like cats.
so what is this bimbo trying to show ,she borrowed a black looking baby to sit on her lap or it s her baby and she got screwed by a black dude. either way what the hell does it have to do with the criminall charges she is charged with
Imagine your 15 y old whatever is ignored by rich 17 y old guy 'cause she's a thot. And then she makes up a rape allgation to get back at him...
Women had to be moral and be good girls. No man worth anything would date a known whore
White women were perfectly happy to commit perjury against white men to ruin their lives and drive them to suicide. #WhiteGenocide is a very good idea. #MGTOW is #Winning Don't marry white women. Don't have white children.
If all 20 guys paid up...They didn't see her as a fit mother or potential life partner...That should send an alarm off in her head that she's kind of a peice of shit...Not ONE guy said "I'm willing to try with you" Nope, women think they are perfect.
She’s unstable, you’ll never know when she might dump you or cuck you for the ugliest thug in the nearest gang.
Ghost the stupid bitch, delete and block her on everything. Join a local fascist organization. Read everything you can about Enrico Corradini, Julius Evola, and Corneliu Codreanu.
True.. men tend to bond much quicker and better than women.
So lady in the street, whore between the sheets isn’t a thing?
She was from out of town, probably had a boyfriend should have closed that same night, it is what it is, it’s a numbers game girls always pull a whole 360 at the very last minute, you did nothing wrong here
Exactly. 70's bush was just wild. No one is saying it has to be shaved... but extremely hairy and unmanaged isn't a great thing to most men. If it were true, that would mean basic hygiene wouldn't be an issue and we would be cool with ugly women.
Gillian Turner is very pretty but has a bad case of Resting Bitch Face [URL] #JustSaying
OMG. I am so sorry you went through that. Narcassistic, evil old cunt. I am glad you are rid of her.
It's the one I use to train your wife. She especially likes the reward she gets for doing a good job.
Steve Spielberg announces new Indiana Jones to be tranny Women's Studies professor in search of the Matriarchy Mushroom, which when eaten converts victim into Women's Studies professor.
Because women want low inhib aggressive males. You gotta be the dancing monkey, my dude.
So you want to live in a world where women are as slutty as men? K.
Yeah some high ranking cunt periodically deletes perfectly well sourced entries. Her ~~sandbox~~ user page was recently vandalized and I tell you, internet crime is outta control these days. I hope she is able to recover. [URL]
I look forward to "the Hearing". It is looking like the SKANK might show up after all.
I'm not going to send you money just because you have a pussy. Entitled cunt.
I've only known 2 or 3 men in my entire life that micro managed their wives, girlfriends. It's exhausting and not worth it and most men are not that tiny, tiny minded, spiteful, hate filled and petty like a woman's mind is.
And Dad's should teach their girls how to not be a whore "Keep her off the pole"
U thawt 'chu had a fweind biyatch
These attention starved cunts that will sell their souls to the devil for fame and fortune and now want to piss all over the people that help them get them there... to get more attention and money.
Patrol more thots
If there's one thing this world needs, it's more thots taking bathroom selfies.
too bad most black women are either gay, worship non-blacks, or asexual
MGTOW is not about all women being evil bitches, but not being a servant to them (or any other human); doesn't matter if they are good or bad people.
Incels hate women who wear bikinis in public, because apparently that is whorish in their book. In all honesty, I am personally attracted to women wearing bikinis, and I am totally fine with them wearing string bikinis.
Good times? It sounds like this bitch shat on you repeatedly and unless you have a poop fetish, that doesn’t seem like a very good time to me. Don’t look back there is no such thing as being friends, especially with an adulterer.
This is a curious part of the whole incel thing IMHO. When Stacey turns you down for not being attractive enough she's a bitch but when you turn a girl down for the same reason you're not being a bitch?
Bullshit!!! settling is enabling. Whatever. Your afraid to be real and demand anything from a women. So be happy. Most real men see the superficiality and selfishness and would prefer to be alone
-4,500 😁 yup this ain't twitter bitch, go cry to yo mama!
Ladies... kitchen sandwich,learn it,like it,love it with mayo that is all...
As you get older, you realize how mediocre the girls in high school were. Now 10 years out of high school, even the hottest 10 from back in high school is like a 6-7 compared to everyone else I have met.
at least make sure she is not hurt bitches
Wife was up with the crying baby for six hours last night... I hold her for ten minutes before getting ready for work and she falls fast asleep. Winning the gender war never gets tired, does it gentlemen?
Her calling the cops on you, even if all you get is a talking to. Then the female cop educates her about her rights then it is full out war.
That's the point of the sub. We're tired of women getting away with shit. Joke posts ruin perfectly good subs because normie fags like you want easy karma.
That ain't sexism it's fear of the modern world that one rape accution can ruin your life
The guy was mobbed. I hope they drop the charges. Obviously only reason they cuffed him is cause it's a young girl. This is great though. Girl winds up her shitty little swing and then...BOOM...
Why does women’s studies even exist? There’s no chance of work, but then they’ll talk about “oppression” when they can’t get a job. Give me a fucking break.
Society cuddles women. The AITA is so pathetically blue pill and feminine you csnt even tell whether it's a bloke or a woman in the comment I.e it's becoming difficult to distinguish between female in group bias and white knighting.
use your phone cam for agreement, and send the video to your mailbox ... while fucking the girl doggy, do another video where ask her if she is happy to be fucked and again send it to your mailbox
Good ol' days, back when Hollywood wasn't afraid of dropping truth bombs. Now it's all about pushing the female imperative narrative always.
But the law counts the teen girls that run away to look for sex work. Imo those arent missing kids or sex trafficking victims.
hasn't even been 100 years since US gave women the vote. I strongly doubt we'll make it another 100. an idiotic social experiment that was doomed from the start.
Yeah it's funny how it was perfectly fine when it was just us boys getting mutilated. Now that it's girls too, it's the most horrible crime in the world.
If you fight against women, you’re guilty by default. By not interacting with them at all, the system ceases to exist. Can’t be at the bottom of a non-existent system. \*meme of black dude tapping his temple\*
How can women be insightful when we do enough for them that it deprives them of character building learning experiences?
"people letting people be people"Funny how that does not extend to white straight men who want to be left alone" How about just not having to pay for Latrina's 21 crackbabies?
Evidence of "rape culture" is like evidence of aliens visiting earth. There are secret hints here and there, so you just have too stare at it long enough to see what you want to see.
I cannot fathom how careful Brad probably has to be with what he does, what he says to her, etc. I’d be almost certain he’s wired up every single time he interacts with her so she can’t slam him with a sexual assault accusation.
But statistically doesn't the female population outnumber the males? Shouldn't women then by logic be the 'expendable' gender?
Why it tanked?? Well, the answer is easy: Patriarchy wanted it to tank, we cannot let a female-power movie succeed 🤣
Obviously feminist back sorcery fueled by our maternal government.
a good counter proposal is that she should pay whites as reparations for a lifetime of blood libel, plus pay males for a collective history of divorce and cuckolding by her sex
Women constantly overvalue their 10% contributions and undervalue men’s 90% contribution. Men are forced to value their own efforts themselves and are now asking, what do we need women for?
Based on the language, responsibility falls on man again, never females.
She could lose track of her drink, then tip it out rather than drink it. But I was trying to adjust the example so that the woman's behaviour affects the rapist.
There is a Huge Fucking difference between a woman being forcibly raped and a woman having sex to advance her career. These women are not heroes. These women are an insult to actual rape victims. Fuck Time
No capitulation to female activists. The West has already shown where that leads.
What a nasty bitch. I would’ve failed her on the spot. But these days they pull so much bullshit that they know they can lie and try to get out of it. I’d go scorched earth though. I would not want a job where my employer didn’t fully back me.
until she's been around me long enough through real life situations where I can actually see who she really is Like observing her rage when the wifi connection is set to "shit-tier" on the router on purpose. ]=)
Balance is a pipe dream. Order comes when masculine rules and feminine submits. Anything less is an invitation to degeneracy and death.
Cope. Don't believe what women say but rather what they do. They love virtue signaling that they have evil white oppressors while love being oppressed by the same people. [URL]
considering how men's issues are treated, the building would more accurately be 1/10 the size of the women's one.